= Magicmonkey

Magicmonkey is a useful script that can manage your Ruby on Rails applications.
Magicmonkey allows you to build in easy way the follow web server architecture:


    +---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
    | Apache web server                                                                                 |
    | +----------------------+      +----------------------+               +----------------------+     |
    | |Proxy A (virtual host)|      |Proxy B (virtual host)|               |Proxy C (virtual host)|     |
    | +---------^------------+      +---------^------------+               +---------^------------+     |
    |           |                             |                                      |                  |
    +-----------|-----------------------------|--------------------------------------|------------------+
                |                             |                                      |
    +-----------v-------------------+ +-------v-----------------------+ +------------v------------------+
    | Application server standalone | | Application server standalone | | Application server standalone |
    | Phusion passenger             | | Phusion passenger             | | Thin                          |
    | Ruby 1.9.2                    | | Ree 1.8.7                     | | Ruby 1.9.2                    |
    | Listen on port 3000           | | Listen on port 3001           | | Listen on port 3002           |
    | Site foo.com                  | | Site bar.com                  | | Site wella.com                |
    +-------------------------------+ +-------------------------------+ +-------------------------------+
    
    
Every your web applications have a virtual host like this:

    <VirtualHost *:80>
      ServerName foo.com
      PassengerEnabled off
      ProxyPass / http://127.0.0.1:3000/
      ProxyPassReverse / http://127.0.0.1:3000/
    </VirtualHost>

A proxy that speak with an application server standalone mode (like Phusion Passenger v3) that run with a specific Ruby version.
To do this you need to have install RVM to manage multiply Ruby versions.

== Install

    gem install magicmonkey
    
== Usage

First of all you need to say to Magicmonkey that you want manage an application in this way. To to this use the magicmonkey command 'ADD':

    magicmonkey add APP_NAME [options]
    
When added, you can start, stop, restart the application

    magicmonkey {start|stop|restart} APP_NAME1, APP_NAME2, ...

If no application is given start, stop, restart all application.

You can show the configuration of all your applications with

    magicmonkey show

Magicmonkey save the configuration in <tt>~/.magicmonkey.yml</tt>

== Support

You can use this email address for any questions or help: mailto:enrico@megiston.it.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Enrico Pilotto. See LICENSE for details.
